hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 biographical drama film
first man so let's get started in 1961
NASA test pilot Neil Armstrong's
colleagues expressed concerns that his
recent record of mishaps is due to the
distraction of his daughter undergoing
treatment for a brain tumor and
Armstrong is grounded Armstrong's
daughter dies soon afterwards
grief-stricken Armstrong applies for
project Gemini and is accepted to NASA's
astronaut program group to Armstrong his
wife Janet and their son Rick moved to
Houston Armstrong befriends Elliott C
and ed white both who later died during
missions Armstrong and Janet have a
second son mark in 1966 Armstrong and
David Scott successfully launched Gemini
8 and dock but soon afterwards the
spacecraft begins to spin after nearly
blacking out Armstrong safely aborts the
mission armstrong initially faces
criticism but NASA determines the crew
was not at fault
in 1969 Armstrong commands Apollo 11
which successfully launches and arrives
at the moon Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin
undock and begin their landing attempt
but as they descend Aldrin realizes that
the area is full of large boulders
forcing Armstrong to manually take
control of the spacecraft they
successfully land with their mission
complete the astronauts return home and
are placing the quarantine where a rerun
of JFK's 1962 speech we chose to go to
the moon is shown so that was spoilers
for first man if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching